TELCODOCS-2311: Using in-tree modules (#95060)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-using-intree-modules.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="kmm-using-intree-modules_{context}"]

= Using in-tree modules

> In some cases, you may want to use only the in-tree module already provided as part of the kernel. The `.spec.moduleLoader` field that defines out-of-tree modules is now optional in the `Module` and `ManagedClusterModule resources`.  

Reviewer: This part is not accurate. Please see the [m/s docs](https://openshift-kmm.netlify.app/documentation/deploy_kmod/) in the `Supporting Modules without OOT kmods` section.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hardware_enablement/kmm-kernel-module-management.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="kmm-using-intree-modules_{context}"]

> = Using in-tree modules

Reviewer 2: Just curious -- for search and findability reasons, could the title more clearly indicate why you would want to use a in-tree module? For example, "Running only the device plugin by using an in-tree module". I don't know this content well, so I don't know if that would resonate with the intended audience. Just a thought.

Author: @ShaunaDiaz How about "Using in-tree modules with the device plugin"?

> In some cases, you may need to configure the KMM Module to avoid loading an out-of-tree kernel module and instead use the in-tree module, running only the device plugin. In such cases, you can omit `moduleLoader` from the `Module` custom resource, and leave only the `devicePlugin` section, as shown in the following example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some cases, you might need to configure the KMM Module to avoid loading an out-of-tree kernel module and instead use the in-tree module, running only the device plugin. In such cases, you can omit the `moduleLoader` parameter from the `Module` custom resource, and leave only the `devicePlugin` section, as shown in the following example.
```
- May vs. might: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#may
- Command parameter guidelines: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=elements-commands#commands-parameters-and-options-in-general-text

Author: Made these changes.
